103 app responsibilities (#115)
sframe-wg/sframe: draft-ietf-sframe-enc.md

example, one application might have an ephemeral group for every call and keep
rotating keys when end points join or leave the call, while another application
could have a persistent group that can be used for multiple calls and simply
derives ephemeral symmetric keys for a specific call.

## Anti-Replay

It is the responsibility of the application to handle anti-replay. Replay by network
attackers is assumed to be prevented by network-layer facilities (e.g., TLS, SRTP).
As mentioned in {{replay}}, senders MUST reject requests to encrypt multiple times
with the same key and nonce.

It is not mandatory to implement anti-replay on the receiver side. Receivers MAY
apply time or counter based anti-replay mitigations.

## Metadata

The `metadata` input to SFrame operations is pure application-specified data. As
such, it is up to the application to define what information should go in the
`metadata` input and ensure that it is provided to the encryption and decryption
functions at the appropriate points.  A receiver SHOULD NOT use SFrame-authenticated
metadata until after the SFrame decrypt function has authenticated it.

> Note that the `metadata` input is at risk that needs more confirmation that it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The `metadata` input is a feature at risk, and needs more confirmation that it
```

encryption, however it can easily support other ciphers with full authentication
tag if the short ones are proved insecure.

## Replay

The handling of replay is out of the scope of this document. However, senders
MUST reject requests to encrypt multiple times with the same key and nonce,
since this leads to serious consequences (see, e.g., {{Section 5.1.1 of RFC5116}}).

## Application-Provided Metadata

Application-provided metadata is at risk that needs more confirmation that it
is useful and/or needed.

# IANA Considerations

This document makes no requests of IANA.

# Application Responsibilities

## Header Value Uniqueness

Applications MUST ensure that each (KID, CTR) combination is used for exactly
one encryption operation. Typically this is done by assigning each sender a KID
or set of KIDs, then having each sender use the CTR field as a monotonic counter,
incrementing for each plaintext that is encrypted. Note that in addition to its
simplicity, this scheme minimizes overhead by keeping CTR values as small as
possible.

## Key Management Framework

> Applications must provide an E2E Key Management Framework for managing the keys
> used for SFrame. The key management framework MUST ensure that each key used
> avoids reuse of IVs.

Reviewer: This is duplicative with the previous section.  Suggested:

```suggestion
It is up to the application to provision SFrame with a mapping of KID values to `base_key` values and the resulting keys and salts.  More importantly, the application specifies which KID values are used for which purposes (e.g., by which senders).  An applications KID assignment strategy MUST be structured to assure the non-reuse properties discussed above.
```
